Flip `AuthSingleSigAcl` semantics from trigger list to exempt list (#3065)
0xMiden/protocol: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `AccountComponent::has_procedure(root)` helper ([#2974](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/2974)).
- Optimized protocol MASM stack-cleaning sequences, saving 1 cycle per occurrence across 9 single-element-extraction procedures ([#3041](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3041)).
- [BREAKING] Refactored `TokenPolicyManager` by adding `invoke_send_policy` / `invoke_receive_policy` wrappers (stored in the protocol reserved asset callback slots) that read the active policy root from the new `active_send_policy_proc_root` / `active_receive_policy_proc_root` storage slots ([#3047](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3047)).

> - [BREAKING] Flipped `AuthSingleSigAcl` ACL to an exempt list: every called procedure now requires a signature unless its root is in `exempt_procedures`. Removed `allow_unauthorized_{output,input}_notes` and the `config` storage slot; renamed trigger-roots map to `exempt_procedure_roots`. See type doc for full logic. Part of [#2964](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/issues/2964).

Author: It is sufficient to leave only the first sentence. Also let's always reference the PR instead of issue:

```suggestion
- [BREAKING] Flipped `AuthSingleSigAcl` ACL to an exempt list: every called procedure now requires a signature unless its root is in `exempt_procedures` [#3065](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3065).
```

> - [BREAKING] Flipped `AuthSingleSigAcl` ACL semantics from a trigger list to an exempt list: every called account procedure now requires a signature unless its root is listed in the new `exempt_procedures` configuration. Removed the `allow_unauthorized_output_notes` and `allow_unauthorized_input_notes` configuration flags and the `config` storage slot; the trigger-roots storage map was renamed to `exempt_procedure_roots`. Authentication is required when any of (1) a kernel-detected procedure not on the exempt list was called, (2) an input note was consumed and no procedure was detected as called anywhere in the transaction (combined with (1), this requires authentication for input-note consumption unless an exempt procedure was detected as called), or (3) any output note was created (unconditional, because `output_note_create` does not trigger `was_procedure_called`). The input-note check in (2) is transaction-wide rather than per-note: a single detected procedure call lifts the input-note signature requirement for every input note in the same transaction. The auth procedure now iterates every account procedure once (two kernel calls per procedure, plus a map lookup for each detected call), so the no-signature hot path costs proportionally more than under the old trigger list. Part of [#2964](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/issues/2964).

Author: Shorten this comment to be at most 400 symbols.
